Other ideas:
- timestamps in alert messages

Core ideas:
wealth:
	Which dwarves did the most kills or produced the most wealth would be cool things to know.
	Imported, exported, and created wealth
Artifacts:
	retrieved or created artifacts 
Items:
	Number of masterworks (not just artifacts), by type 
	Most used material/material type 
	If possible, most gathered/produced raw material (that way you can correlate it with the previous, and see if you're actually keeping up with demand or if you're just burning through a reserve and need to go prospecting for more hematite)
	Tendencies of item production going up or down
	most valuable created item
	Amount of food and alcohol consumed would be nice to know
	
Combat:
	A Most Valuable Warrior thing would be cool, highlights of dwarves that had the most impact in battle
	Sieges
	Special Creature attacks e.g Forgotten beast, Titan etc
	

Social:
	Marriage
	Murder
	Death
	Birth
	Peope joining fortress
	Petitions
	
	
Etc:
	Murders 
	change in dwarf happiness over time
	




Extension Ideas:
Number of events that triggered an unhappy thought (e.g. failure to pray, handling a corpse, drinking water, going hungry).
Additional relationship stuff. Breakups etc
Skill progression statistics
Average bedroom quality
Most common sources of unhappy thoughts (compile all the unhappy thoughts your dwarves had and group them)
 common desire/preferences (oh I actually have seven dwarves that love dogs for their fur)

Log ore/gem discoverys special. Some of them more valuable
Average wealth per dwarf (carried/owned + assigned rooms)?
I wanna know who drank the most. Who got stuck the most. Most frequent pray-er. Who told the most stories, played the most songs, danced the most jigs. Who complained the most. Who made the most friends. What subject was discussed the most. How many books / most prolific writer. What soldier led the most exercises. What civilization immigrated to my settlement the most. Most prolific traveling band, (like which group held entertainment the most). Biggest dwarf, smallest dwarf, most popular dwarf (is it normally the mayor?), funniest dwarf (most jokes told), biggest snitch (most crimes reported), worst criminal....theres more I might be back.